Nick's got one of my dishes on the menu
he's been cooking for as long as I have
and he's charging top London prices so I
just hope his food measures up first
test a fish soup
smells
well that certainly seen better days I
just hope I won't be saying the same
about Nick by the end of the lunch
very well
next mushroom and a duck egg on toast
and is one of my favorites when it's
done how I like it
simply why is it supposed to be looking
like something out of a [ __ ] Barbies
doll's house why can't just look simple
plain and mushrooms on toast it's like
eating a wet flannel soggy horrible
browser mushrooms are dirty Nick's
officee a frills man but if he's got any
sense
he'll serve the next dish as it was
intended because there's one of mine
and whether this dish originated from
interracial the idea you could now go
and ask him for me will you yes sir
thank you
where did you get the idea for scallops
[Music]
thank [ __ ] I don't sell mine like that
they taste frozen unfortunately milky
and rubbery they taste like they're
frozen now milk me yeah
[Music]
Nick's got to be joking
he'd better put a smile on my face with
the next dish because so far this lunch
had been miserable
[Music]
this morning was any point in sending it
to meals if I were you Nick I wouldn't
keep me waiting
[Music]
thank you go and you like a hemorrhoid
in my [ __ ] you know that
can I just sit and enjoy what try to
enjoy rather try to dissect everything
and eat otherwise your males will
[ __ ] sit down here and take my place
would you mind thank you so much I'm
there there's no say stupid things that
I mean at least you're not having a cup
for that sauce is so sweet it's
unbelievable duck itself actually tastes
quite nice but then is marred with all
that horrible sauce it's almost like
Benin Lynn and baby veg 20 quid as well
I mean you know even when London prices
that's you know that's up there
there's someone here that's trying to be
clash and he may have got away with that
in the 90s but in 2006 these days are
numbered
right Nick you're not gonna like what
I'm about to say I expected a nice quick
fast easy lunch and unfortunate
everything was painful
you know mushrooms on toast was supposed
to be mushrooms on toast I got something
that was incredibly soggy full of grits
and just looks horrendous but that was
[ __ ] delicious and then everything
else around it was someone necessary
you were [ __ ] successful ten years
ago and you had a big following
unfortunately nothing has moved on no
you're in the bubble and I'm about to
burst it some peas laurels clearly
cooking still from the 90s era touch
success but that fizzled very very
quickly even his own customers haven't
sort of hung around long enough to tell
him how [ __ ] long-winded the food's
become so it's yeah it's quite sad in a
way and he's clearly not cooking for
Kingsland he's cooking for his ego I
feel slightly deflated I didn't think
I'd get as much criticism as I got but
hey in a big boy I'm not a 20 year old
I'm not gonna cry I'm 40 so bring up